hey guys were you David here i'm here
with yet another ipad unboxing this time
it's the ipad case official case that is
from Apple I talked about this my last
video but i unboxed the keyboard dock
which is right here which is great by
the way I'm really lucky in a lot and as
mentioned this is not my case this is
actually my dad's but he said I can
unbox it for my video I'm not gonna test
it out and since he doesn't even have
his ipad yet he's getting the 3g model
in a few weeks so let's unbox this take
this top tape off I don't think we
really care about this box on much so
honestly it's not even that nice of a
box for Apple I mean I usually love
their packaging but I don't know this
doesn't feel as good so rip it open now
I've heard very mixed things about this
case I've heard well first of all I love
how it looks I love the functionality
how to stand how it's a photo frame but
I've heard it's kind of weird if you
hold it in the hand once it's folded so
we'll say I'll do it like a kind of a
first fifth kind of thing for this video
there we go it's very thin by the way
which is nice so it's not very obtrusive
and there it is it's very pro looking I
like the design a lot so here's the
apple logo in the front here's the
inside and there's the back and it's
full does a stand but let me take my
iPad out of the dock and we'll see how
this thing works my way for those
wondering this is the weather HD app
it's a great app it's basically like a
screen saver and shows clouds and
thunderstorms and stuff so it's pretty
cool alright so see if we're in the
camera here yeah we're good I guess you
just slide it in through here it seems
well it's a tight fit and there we go
yeah it's a really tight fit it actually
takes a little to get this thing in here
and I guess that means it's safe which
is good to know but if you have to take
this thing out god forbid it's gonna
take forever anyway there we go I kind
of say it looks pretty nice in there and
yes maje crazy a lot of fingerprints I
have the brightness down because of the
video so it doesn't blow out the
exposure anyway there it is I gotta say
it feels nice in the end it has a nice
rubber grip to it it's very minimal very
nice looking I can tell right now this
thing is going to track dust like crazy
because I just had down on my desk for a
minute or so and i'm not sure the videos
picking it out but you can see a little
bit of residue right there dust so all
right now let's unfold it and fold it
back hmm I gotta say holding on like
this isn't as bad as I thought it was
going to be but this thing kind of gets
in the way although are you supposed to
put that under here or what I'm not even
sure how that works anyway ignoring this
flap it's not that bad it's not flat
when you do this there is a little curve
right there but that's because it
doubles as a photo frame so let me see
how that works I don't even know how
this works okay turn this off you
probably got to do this ah there we go I
see now and then we got to get it under
this flap and now it's a photo frame so
now if i play my pictures hopefully
nothing too embarrassing shows up I
gotta say I like that I don't think this
flap is supposed to be out i'm not
really sure right now i'm not sure what
to deal with that is now it also goes
like this and
I thing medicine let me see if I can
figure that out you just set it down I
guess and that's that so it's pretty
cool so if i was in safari and i wanted
to type the creative one don t be gotta
say the angle is actually pretty nice
and you can see um Tuppy was actually
pretty accurate so it's pretty nice um I
gotta say this is my favorite feature so
far this this angle because this is
really nice because right now it's kind
of awkward having it on your lap if
you're at a desk or whatever but if you
are at a desk as mentioned you just have
right there and just browse the web at
the kitchen table or anything then of
course we want to you could flip it over
and do the photo frame feature so there
is the apple ipad case i don't know if
i'll have another video on this because
it's not my case it's my dad my my dad's
as i mentioned but he let me borrow it
but as far as i can tell it seems pretty
cool this flap is kind of annoying but
then again I could be doing that wrong
maybe you gotta tuck it under if so just
taste on the comments alright guys it's
it as usual check out the social links
under the video for facebook twitter
dailybooth my facebook app which alerts
you to new videos which i think is a
nice feature and all that good stuff and
that is it guys thank you for watching
and i will see you next time